EZP-32157: Added option to choose SA when creating custom alias (#1227)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/url_management.md

You can define URL aliases for individual Content items, for example, when you reorganize the content, and want to provide users with continuity.
For each URL alias definition the history of changes is preserved, so that users who have bookmarked the URL addresses of content items can still find he information they desire.

URL aliases are not SiteAccess-aware. When creating an alias, you can select a SiteAccess to base it on.
If the SiteAccess root path (configured in `content.tree_root.location_id`) is different than the default,

> the path is appended to the alias path.

Author: ```suggestion
the prefix path that results from the configured content root is prepended to the final alias path.
```
